Architecture docs (#31)
Azure/modern-web-app-pattern-java: README.md

## Introduction

> This repository contains a collection of patterns and best practices for building modern Java web applications. The patterns are designed to be used with the [Spring Framework](https://spring.io/) and [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/), but can be adapted to other frameworks and cloud providers. 

Reviewer: I think adjusting the introduction here would work as well.  This repository provides a "real-world" application that implements the best practices and design patterns discussed in [article]; using <tech-stack>.  It can be easily adapted to other technology stacks and cloud providers"  - works better, I think.

> This project has [a companion article in the Azure Architecture Center](TODO:) that describes design patterns and best practices. Here's an outline of the contents in this readme:

Reviewer 2: we should be able to use the aka link as an intermediary
```suggestion
This project has [a companion article in the Azure Architecture Center](https://aka.ms/eap/mwa/java/doc) that describes design patterns and best practices. Here's an outline of the contents in this readme:
```
